{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff4\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times;}
{\f250\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f251\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f253\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f254\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f255\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f256\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f257\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f282\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times CE;}
{\f283\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times Cyr;}{\f285\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times Greek;}{\f286\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times Tur;}{\f287\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times (Hebrew);}{\f288\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times (Arabic);}
{\f289\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f4\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Working with Alternative Overlay Files}{\author ar}{\operator Trish Hornsey}{\creatim\yr2002\mo3\dy7\hr13\min18}
{\revtim\yr2002\mo3\dy7\hr13\min20}{\version4}{\edmins3}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords549}{\nofchars3133}{\*\company it}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8269}}\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl1797\margr1797 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1797\dgvorigin1440\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd 
\psz9\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f4\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 Working with Alternative Overlay Files
\par The Alternative Overlays folder is useful to open if you want to use a pre-designed, alternative version of some of the Standard overlays. Alternati
ve overlays offer users keyboard layouts that may be more useful than Standard ones. An overlay that has a picture of two switches on it is also included for use when the IntelliKeys USB keyboard is used as a switch.
\par The Alternative Overlays folder contains four sub-folders: one for each of the four Alternative overlays. The four Alternative overlays are:
\par 1. Lowercase Basic Writing - same as Basic Writing USB with lowercase letters on the keys instead of uppercase letters.
\par 2. Uppercase Alphabet - same as Alphabet USB with uppercase letters on the keys instead of lowercase letters.
\par 3. Reduced Alphabet - a much smaller keyboard layout designed for students who use their left hand only and have a limited range of motion. This overlay can be used with any word processing program.
\par 4. Two-Switch - divides the keyboard into two parts--one switch per side.
\par 
\par The sub-folders listed above contain:
\par 1. Read Me document - provides a description of the overlay, print, and send instructions.
\par 2. Print fold
er - contains a version of the overlay that can be printed using IntelliTools' Overlay Maker or Overlay Printer. Since the printable copies do not have bar codes that can be read by the IntelliKeys USB Keyboard, you will have to send the electronic versio
n of the overlay to the keyboard before using the printed copy.
\par 3. Send folder - contains an electronic version of the overlay to send to the IntelliKeys USB keyboard. (Two-Switch does not need a send version.)
\par 
\par Printing an Alternative Overlay
\par 1.\tab Open the printable version of the desired overlay file using IntelliTools' Overlay Maker or Overlay Printer. 
\par 2.\tab Load your printer with legal size paper and select legal and landscape (horizontal) as your printer\rquote s size and orientation settings.
\par 3.\tab Select Print from the File Menu and print.
\par 
\par Printing Overlays with Overlay Printer
\par If you do not have Overlay Maker, you can print overlays using Overlay Printer. This is a way to print copies of the overlays that come with the program or to print overlays from other sourc
es. Overlay Printer is included on the IntelliKeys USB CD as a separate program. It needs to be installed if you want to use it.
\par 
\par Using Overlay Printer to Print an Overlay on a Windows Computer 
\par 1.\tab Insert the IntelliKeys USB CD into the CD drive. 
\par 2.\tab Double-click My Computer to view its contents.
\par 3.\tab Click the IntelliKeys USB CD icon to select it.
\par 4.\tab Click the right mouse button and select Open from the menu that is displayed. The contents of the IntelliKeys USB CD will be displayed.
\par 5.\tab Double-click Utilities. The contents of the Utilities folder will be displayed.
\par 6.\tab Double-click Overlay Printer.
\par 7.\tab Double-click setup.EXE to install the program. Follow on-screen instructions.
\par 8.\tab Once Overlay Printer is installed, select Programs\\IntelliTools Software\\Overlay Printer from the Start menu. The Overlay Printer program launches and the Open dialog box appears.
\par 9.\tab Navigate to the desired overlay, select it, and click Open.
\par 10.\tab Select Print from the File menu. Choose legal paper size.
\par 11.\tab When you have finished printing, select Exit from the File menu to close Overlay Printer.
\par 
\par Sending an Alternative Overlay \endash  Use one of the following methods:
\par A.\tab Select \'93...with this overlay\'94 on the Advanced tab of the control panel. Press Browse to navigate to the folder and select it.
\par B.\tab Open and send the electronic version of the desired overlay file using IntelliTools\rquote  Overlay Maker or Overlay Sender. IntelliTools Overlay Printer and Overl
ay Sender are included on the IntelliKeys USB CD. These programs, located in the Utilities folder, can be easily installed on your computer.
\par 
\par }}